Configure ci clang tidy report (#338)
eclipse-openbsw/openbsw: doc/dev/guidelines/practices.rst

Additionally, most of these practices are enforced by clang-tidy which is run as part of our CI pipeline.
The clang-tidy configuration can be found in the file ``.clang-tidy`` in the root directory of openbsw repository.
The ci script for running clang-tidy is located in ``.ci/clang-tidy.py``, which runs an llvm helper tool called
``run-clang-tidy`` which checks all compilation units specified in a compile_commands.json file, which is generated by
current CMake configurations.
In case you want to run the llvm helper tool ``run-clang-tidy`` locally, you can use the dev container in the root
``docker-compose.yaml``, build the project with a unit test configuration, in order to generate the
compile_commands.json file, which will appear in ``build/tests/posix/Debug/compile_commands.json``, if you use the
tests-posix-debug preset:

.. code-block:: bash

  run-clang-tidy-17 -p <Path_to_compile_commands_directory> -export-fixes <Output_file_for_ct_findings> <regex_for_files_to_analyze>

Alternatively you can run the same script that is used in the CI pipeline:

.. code-block:: bash

  python3 .ci/clang-tidy.py <Path_to_compile_commands_directory> <Output_file_for_ct_findings>

> In case you want to run clang-tidy directly, you can also use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to run clang-tidy on a single file, you can also use the following command:
```
